chore: [WLEO-327] Add Release section on README (#9)
pagopa/iso18013-android: README.md

)
```

# Release

This section describes the steps required to publish a new version of the library to Maven. 

## 1. Bump the Version
Open your Gradle file, `proximity/build.gradle.kts` and/or `cbor/build.gradle.kts` and update the version in the `mavenPublishing` block:

```diff
mavenPublishing {
-    coordinates("it.pagopa.io.wallet.proximity", "proximity", "x.y.z")
+    coordinates("it.pagopa.io.wallet.proximity", "proximity", "x.y.z+1")
}
```

Replace `proximity` with `cbor` (and the respective coordinates) if you are releasing that library instead.

## 2. Create and Push the Tag
Create a git tag corresponding to your version, then push it to your remote repository. For example:

```perl
git tag proximity-v1.1.1
git push origin proximity-v1.1.1
(Adjust the tag name according to your library and version.)
```

> ## 3. Automatic Release to Maven
> Once the tag is pushed, the release process will trigger automatically. Your library will be published to Maven if the pipeline completes successfully.
> 
> ## 4. Automatic Approval in Maven
> After the release is published, Maven automatically approve the new version. This final step ensures that the artifact is visible and available for consumers.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3. Automatic Release to Maven
Once the tag is pushed, the release process will trigger automatically via GitHub Actions. The library will be published in Maven automatically.

```
